1.
be honest if you become best software developer then one only things is be curious about every little things in through your code!

second is make project build your confidence once you build confidence then you figure out new things searching once you build confidence
 through your projects.


2. 
what is npm => it is package manager it will mange all packages for your application

what is package.json? => is all configuration for npm  & it track all dependecies or packages are code using show here list of that .


why do you need of package.json =>  package.json track of your dependecies , whatever depedcies you install from npm track inside
                                      package.json file.

most importantce dependcies in our application is bundler => bundler means it bundle all your application file in menas javascript ,css and html file in one file that help before you send code to production base.

you also heard about bundler like vite , webpack , parcel.

how to get parcel in project => it's is all abnout package use nmp command to install it 


why we use -D while we donwload dependecies? => there are two type of dependecies one of is dev-dependecies and  second is normall dependcies  

when we required deve-dependecies => when we are in devlopement phase of your application then we required dev-dependecies  

and normal dependecies use in production also.

^
show in dependecies wirte like "parcel":"^2.8.3" => here you think what is need of ^ carat sign  => it is use for suppose tommorow parcel launched new version then if you put this caret sign then parcel will automatically upgrad in to 2.8.4 version . it is upgread minor version.

~
=> also other way you show in project dependecis like "~2.8.3" here "~" that sing know as tilde. if you put tilde then it will install automatically major version of those packages. it's not recommand for good practices it produce error sometimes.


# you think what is package-lock.json?
it is keep  track of exact version of those packages. with their integrity of hashcode .

# Q. also you think what is node_modules file ? 

 => nodemodule file fetch all dependcies from pacakge manger. parcel as project it can depend on other dependecies and those dependecies can have their own dependecies those dependecies calle transitive depndecies?  parcel have lot of other dependices rely on download by automatically by npm .

-we install parcel as package as well parcel depene on other dependecies or repositry or pacakges also install by npm .and it's maintaining their own package.json file .


=> if you have package.json and package-locak.json then you regenrate node-modules that reason you not put inside gitignore file .

- when we write npx parcel index.html to start server on host on 1234 port.

npx =>  means executing the pakage. we are execute parcel goese in to index.html and mand build which host on server 1234 enviourment.

=>  <script src="./App.js">
 this way to treat browser script which not import reason we give type module to use with import export statement.


# what is role of parcel => so parcel is beast lot of things happen behind the scenes.

- Dev build
- Local Server

- HMR - Hot Module Replacement - if any changes in file update file using hmr basically read all file by parcel.

- File Watching Algorithums  - Written in C++

- Caching - Faster Builds. using parcel-cache folder file do all this things 

- Image Optimization 

- Minification file also

- Bundling 

- compressing

- consistent hashing

- Code Spliting

- Differntial Bundling - support older browswer also

- Better Error Suggestion

- Tree Shacking - will remove unused code for you 


- read docs for more information 

- The parcel-cache directory in a project typically contains cached data generated by the Parcel bundler. Parcel uses this cache to speed up subsequent builds by storing compiled assets, dependency information, and other data that doesn't need to be regenerated every time you run the bundler.




- Whatever you can regenrate don't put on github.


# browserslist (goto website for better understanding) 

- it's give you power to what verison of browser should support our application defind desire verison in package.json file.


# 3. laying the foundation

- If you customize command through command configure in package.json in scripts properites through keyword "start","build","test" , you show accroding your purpose set command.


- so first we strong on foundation again 
- So you think React element is  html element but you are wrong react element is end of day is object.


- ReactDOM lib convert react object in to html element and push on web.

- JSx is not HTML in javscript JSX is HTML-Lite or LIKe syntax but both are differnent.

# Component - 

- There are two types of component 1. class based components 2. functional based components

- JSX has super power inside JSX your can write any javscript expression indie {} curly braces.



# 4. food-odering app

- First make planing according design break in to component.

- according planing make write code step by step 

- what is props? when we have dynamically passing a data in component passing as props simple.  props is one kind how your pass argumet in function as well as.

-  access props inside component so props is whatever pass in object javascript object that reason you access through {props.properties}

- we also destructuring props {name, titile, ...props}

- {...props} = you show so manytime in gihtub code it means use rest operatore all props pass in component.

- data come from api in JSON format 


- you also show in network tab of devtools how datacome in swiggy application 

- swiggy use config-driven ui (one kind of system design name):>>>> menas data show on webpage accroding confiure data user like website open in gujrat show differnce style of webpage , show something and not show something .


- when we iterate data through map foreach method or other method we must give key (id not idex as key). because index as key is anti-pattern. if your data from backend id please tell give id for good practicing.


- not using key(not acceptable) <<<<<< index as key <<<<<<<<< id as key (good practices)






